RHDEVDOCS-4080 - Logging Z Stream RNs - 5.3.11, 5.4.5, 5.5.1 (#49579)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-rn-5.3.11.adoc

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE

> [id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-3-11"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-3-11_{context}"]
```

= Logging 5.5.1
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:6182[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.3.11].

> [id="openshift-logging-5-3-11-bug-fixes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="openshift-logging-5-3-11-bug-fixes_{context}"]
```

== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, the Operator would not ensure that the pod was ready which caused the cluster to reach in an inoperable state during a cluster restart. With this update, the Operator will mark new pods as ready before continuing to a new pod during a restart which resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2871[LOG-2871])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Operator did not ensure that the pod was ready, which caused the cluster to reach an inoperable state during a cluster restart. With this update, the Operator marks new pods as ready before continuing to a new pod during a restart, which resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2871[LOG-2871])
```
Would it help to start that last sentence with: `This update resolves the issue: the Operator...`

> [id="openshift-logging-5-3-11-cves"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="openshift-logging-5-3-11-cves_{context}"]
```
